# Entry 6
##### 6/2/22

Now that the SEP Expo has passed our freedom project has essentially come to an end. The Expo this year was really fun and more memorable than the previous one. This time I was actually proud of my project and impressed with how much I did. There were also a lot of students who showed up to the expo as well. I remember there being a line of people forming to demo my parkour game. It was funny to see them struggle to play my game due to a couple of bugs but I fixed them while I was there. During the presentation to the judges, I followed an [outline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/16lHkvofHhBHsoPqTIcAS_zxmbfdQsXkUgfP8s4Momow/edit?usp=sharing) for things I wanted to mention. Overall the judges also thought my project was pretty good and gave me a solid score. The one thing that I was lacking was usability which I couldn't figure out. I had tried to make my project public but the frame rate of the public version made my game nearly unplayable. Despite not making it to the finals I see why my fellow classmates got chosen. I had time to walk around and see almost everyone's projects while having a great time at the event. 

After the expo, the last thing to do was to present the project to the class. Unlike the elevator pitch for the expo, this [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GTCEnRHZUzlIQVlafP2wisf55vO4vMFdoFD_xAwJgFA/edit?usp=sharing) was more in dept and required me to touch on more parts of the project. At first, I had a couple of slides with some of them containing sentences about each section. After looking at an example slide I realized that the presentation should consist mostly of pictures. First I started by introducing Unity by showing off games that use their gaming engine and briefly explain what it is. Next, I talk about the parkour game I made and quickly showed a demo of it. The demo shows the basic aspects of the game like walking, looking around, gravity and jumping. I next briefly went over the backend code files I had and explained the front end by explaining where all the objects in the world are made. I also explain how the jumping code works by showing them the conditions I had for them and end the presentation with an overview. In the end, I spent a lot of time working on the presentation with all of its transitions and all the content I wanted to include. I practiced the presentation multiple times and even recorded myself to make sure I remembered everything I wanted to touch on. 

My Engineering Design Process is at 8(Communicate). This is the end of the project and all that's left is to show it off for people to see. That's not to say that it's perfect but there are definitely things I can do to still improve on the game. In the future, I might come back to visit this project and maybe carry on with what I started. 

The skills I learned throughout the project were Attention to detail and a Growth mindset. I spent a good amount of time figuring out the logic for the game and put a lot of effort into the presentations I did. Throughout the project I also had many ideas get changed and improved on the ones I kept. For example, my movent system was not good because it started with a force pushing the player instead of the player moving itself. I improved on that and some other systems like the gravity system. As a last note, this was a great project and I'm glad I did it. 

[Previous](entry05.md)

[Home](../README.md)
